download/index.md, before:

---
title: Download
---

# Download

QuMESHS is not currently available for download.  If you would like to be notified 
when the software is release, please email Edmund Owen.

## Using QuMESHS

QuMESHS is available to everyone to download.  The citation required in any 
publication using results obtained using QuMESHS is

Some citation

Additionally, if you are using the deal.II finite-element libraries, please cite 
the relevant publications for this group.  Details should be found at

deal.II citations and publications

## Exectuable

Precompiled binaries for Windows will be linked here:

link

The deal.II executables used to calculate the potentials are not configured to run 
under Windows.  These binaries will only solve the 1D problem or FlexPDE must be 
available.

To use the deal.II executables, QuMESHS must be run under Linux.  We recommend 
compiling the deal.II libraries on your own computer.  The executables in the link 
above must be bundled using mono.

## Source

QuMESHS is an open-source project released under the MIT license.  The C# code is 
available from...

Under Construction

Commit message:

Added links for download page

download/index.md, after:

---
title: Download
---

# Download

The compiled binaries of QuMESHS is not currently 
available for download.  If you would like to be 
notified when the software is release, please email 
[Edmund Owen](eto24@cam.ac.uk).

## Using QuMESHS

QuMESHS is available to everyone to download.  The 
citation required in any publication using results 
obtained using QuMESHS is

Some citation

Additionally, if you are using the deal.II 
finite-element libraries, please cite the relevant 
publications for this group.  Details should be found 
at

[Citing deal.II in publications](http://www.dealii.org/publications.html)

## Exectuable

Precompiled binaries for Windows will be linked here:

[GitHub Release Page](http://github.com/EdmundOwen/QuMESHS/releases)

The deal.II executables used to calculate the potentials 
are not configured to run under Windows.  These binaries 
will only solve the 1D problem or FlexPDE must be 
available.

To use the deal.II executables, QuMESHS must be run 
under Linux.  We recommend compiling the deal.II
libraries on your own computer.  The executables in
the link above must be bundled using mono.

## Source

QuMESHS is an open-source project released under the MIT license. 
The C# code is available on [GitHub](http://github.com/EdmundOwen/QuMESHS)
